This isn't the department brass trying to cover collective ass. Baca and Tana...Bad apples? The people being prosecuted were the first and second most powerf...They found his secret phone which had made hundreds of calls to the FBI headq...If you hide someone to stop an investigation then you're obstructing that inv...I don't understand, that's a link to a hiphop album on YouTube. What's the re...Somewhat unbelievably, they also sent deputies round to a female FBI agent's ...The article makes it very clear that this came from the very top.It really isn't. Their official name is the Los Angeles Sheriff's Department:...How the fuck do they deal with the mail?>An old china man was driving along in his motor home.

Uh huh.

>[*Collected...Indeed. One branch of government breaking the law to obstruct another's inves...That would make sense. If most people only try once, it would be reasonable t...Apparently not AslanAlthough I agree that no-one is going to hell, mostly because it doesn't exis...OK, let's run with your stupid idea. Imagine that the constitution only prote...Because being in the US without a valid visa is not a crime and thus illegal ...Because the constitution applies to US soil, and does not depend on your immi...They're not ignoring federal law, they're declining to *voluntarily* notify f...Been a while since I've read the Bible but I'm reasonably sure that "thou sha...I realise you probably mean Jefferson City but I really hope there is a Jeff ...>needs to find shelter

This is the tricky bit though. I once tracked an ante...Reasonably certain I could outjog a carrot I'm reasonably convinced that this is all the salesmanship that selling crack...If you forget to cancel after the free month, you've got to do meth for a who...Saturday lunchtime for the win. I'm still lying in bed and I've got the whole...Who chooses the musicians to play? How do you get hired?I refuse to believe they aren't all clustered in hammocks on the poop deck.Hey, me too! Went to London and auditioned for it. Sadly I was not destined f...O PanadaIt's weird because I thought the same and then I had a few days off and tried...This isn't correct. There is a case before the Supreme Court right now on whe...The flip side to that is this: imagine I mugged some old lady of $10k. I get ...It also utterly places liability for fraud on the card holder. If you have fr...It'll be simpler than that - the insurance company will be suing the family. ...Oh yes indeeeeeeed!What's silly is that each extra minute costs £7 to approve. The BBFC made £42...I'll give you $10At least they'd be warmIndeed. Look at this snuck in at the end:

>This crisis highlights the many d...29 x 20 + 8 = 588. 588/7 = 84

4 x 20 + 7 = 87.

Erm.....what do you expect, ...*29 score and eight years ago, our dogfathers brought forth on this continent...*sorry*>Hossein Nayeri, 37, had been held without bond since September 2014 on charg...I think history has shown that any kind of intervention only makes things wor...Bombs made out of carpet?*Said you're being sold to the master's auntie and uncle in Virginiair**There were a couple of honkies who up to no good, started making trouble in ...>Wan thyme, I ath a hoth pothet withouth letthing ith coolthDeutschland Deutschland, uber moonies. That is why you build a small tornado shelter for the sign.It would be tonight. If you really needed it.It's better than what there was but it's still a sticking plaster over the ga...I think the flipside to that is that there are a lot of very bad people who w...Bullshit, I fly much better after a few hits of meth.He could also be doing HIF (high-intensity fidgeting). This would presumably ...>After the war the U.K. quickly worked to regain control of its Colonial empi...In my PandaI am thinking of dressing it up in various ways befitting the season.No whoman no cry.And helping in an emergency is what we're doing. And are you really comparing...And that's the criteria for helping people is it? That they've earned it? Or ...Jan Vennegoor of Hesselink. He's a Dutch football player from two old Dutch f...I don't get this at all. I can understand being pissed that other people get ...Most of the euros I know sit patiently in my wallet.Girls driving. I don't know why, maybe something about seeing an attractive w..."FUCK ME HARDER GRANDAD!!"I've thought for a while that one way to defeat ISIS would be to have a large...I'd hardly call your mother a woman but she still does a brisk trade down at ...This is the topic of discussion. You're outraged about something that you see...You do realise the euro is the currency not the people, right?I'd agree it's just like the Irish and Italian immigrating to the US. It's al...These are people who have come from war zones. These kids have had horrific e...They pay him in horse-drawn taxis?If I give you $50 will you uncall it?U wot m8?There is a royal terminal. As in, a whole terminal for the use of the royal f...There's also an airport. The sole reason most people go there..."Why yes, this *is* uncut cocaine, about 4kg, but the guys in LA said it woul...And poor-quality ukuleles. What's up with that??It's ironic how much time you spend whining about people in India being rude ...I got 'Loverly Jubberly' a lot in Egypt.I went to Rome over Xmas and didn't like it all. Yes, it is very pretty but i...Buses, buses as far as the eye can see...I adopt the same argument with machetes. I walk around everywhere with two bl...Theme song: Simply The Breast

It's weird to think trees were the dominant life form in this period, affecti...I only speak catalan.>Meyow

Meow. Can't you even speak cat??Inception 4: Inception 1But it's still wrong to suggest that is what the wnba should do. It's saying ...I played field hockey against my school's girls first team; I was 14 and in w...We all have the right to detain criminal trespassers. No need to be a police ...>...overkill for an annoying tourist 

In fairness, I imagine that once you b...It's the sequel where Holden becomes a gay prostitute in return for whisky.It seems like this goldfish has a pretty miserable life. Have you considered ...That depends entirely on your income. If you're poor, you should pay a much l...It's just silly to demand a fixed number. Do you apply the same logic to your...Seriously, I have Google set as my homepage but if I want to use bing I type ...I think though the problem is that you or I know that but your average Joe su...I agree with you and think your last paragraph hits the nail on the head. So ...Source?You should pay a level of tax, fairly distributed by ability to pay, that all...Noooooos, we have a 45% top tax rate and the effective top rate is even highe...I may have been guilty of some hyperbole. If you want to read the article, ju...The reunification of Germany cost £2.5 trillion and thr West only had 10x the...It was a success. And it benefited both counties in the long term. But it has...The reunification of Germany almost destroyed the former West German economy ...The difference would be that China will not commit troops to defend NK, while...By 'bottle of wine' he means 'bottle that a tramp has pissed in'.There are only 36m reddit user accounts. A burrito with guacamole is, what, $...Bill Gates humiliates you until you snap and shoot him.This is very upsetting.Surely not *all* of them...

https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Jud_Süß_(1940_film)So essentially what we're going for is a 'Free Guns For The Mentally Ill" pro...The need for a safety plan This is crazy. I mean, it's great that you have some system that might saves ...The gay sex helps too.This is, to my understanding, completely wrong. If you are claiming that the ...I think you'd also have to consider cutting and crush protection. Also surely...Sure they do, just the wards are in doorways all over every downtown area in ...I thank people for their call. Even when I buying something from them in a shop.Isn't that pretty much the reason for the second amendment? That people were ...Isn't that better than having them steal your car? Besides, drugs are incredi...They commit crime to get drugs. Make drugs available on prescription to addic...Obviously there will always be criminals but it's the scale that the drugs tr...Yet another thing that makes no sense about train travel! What? Gangs like the Mexican cartels exist solely *because* of the drug trade...Bullshit, Batman the comic was based on a real person. They made a whole seri...But that's almost exactly what they did do, just the Mexicans instead of the ...Coming up as £17 for me but also a good point! Especially as travelling on th...Very good point - obviously it'll only work for day tickets, should have work...Not an issue for me because I'm only using the return portion (I live in Brig...TearsGood point. Makes the discrepancy even more striking.Sure, I loath fat people hate. It's unhealthy but it's not a moral failing th...Douglas, RJ; Martin, KA (2004). "Angry Fat People In Supermarkets". Annual Re...But that's my point. The US is 38 times the size of the UK and yet only has 3...I'm English so I know that. But compared with, say, American football, that's...Relevant text:

>Stanley is one of 43 professional clubs within 90 miles of M...I used to know a guy called Simon magnus. You didn't go to school in Reading ...Isn't he driving towards the column? I don't think it came from behind him?That's not actually true, he helped with the clean up afterwards.Yes. Yes. So?http://www.debunking911.com/firsttime.htmNo, it caught fire.I...think that...he...is not.It weely is. Can't beat that fresh pussy taco.Where I live (the UK) a medium fancy drink costs the equivalent of $6+...Hello, you probably won't see this at this late stage but I'm a huge fan. I g...I see the point you're making but using that kind of analysis doesn't give a ...I wasn't referring to any specific company, I'm sure your employer is great. ...True but check out the wealth division. Especially pertinent if you look at t...I wasn't speaking specifically about any company. They may be awesome but lot...A person exposed to a greater risk may have a lesser chance of dying if that ...Can the US government transfer ownership of a soldier to another country or i...You're absolutely right but you're wasting your time. Reddit is not particula...I dunno, I had to deal with someone at work with the middle name of Danger an...No it isn't. The stat you're quoting is based on comparing the number of deat...You could just chuck yourself out of a plane at altitude and if it starts goi...He also has no clue what to do with money either.It's not that they don't support local communities, obviously they do. It's t...Oh fuck off.You don't know me, you jackass. What the hell gives you the right to pretend ...He was moving at about 1mph in a smashed car about twenty feet from any cop. ...Jesus Christ, those Hawaiins must get really pissed when someone dislikes the...Indeed. It's heavily caffinated sugar water and yet its known internationally...Jesus wept...

I don't hate the police at all, but if this is the standard of...Now that would have made for an interesting alternate history... She was just a college kid way out of her depth being threatened with huge cr...What's wrong with waiting? He wasn't going anywhere in that car nor was he sh...But 'not worth the chance' and 'he'd probably run someone over' are not groun...I'm not in the US but, in my market, if you miss a payment you're fine up to ...Amex has a policy that everyone gets one interest and late payment fee refund...Although this will fuck the shit out of your credit rating... How the hell did he trade a motorised KISS snowglobe for a movie role??Sorry but no. If the people in the car died then this was straight up murder ...Looks like Obama won't be leaving the US any time soon then...You're only self-employed if you actually *are* self-employed. You can't just...Lots of businesses do it. I imagine the IRS finds it hilarious that they thin...Life time risk of death in a terrorist attack: 1 in 20m.

Lifetime risk of dy...For sure. Cooked for a long time till it melts in the mouth, good stuff!Jesus, NSFW man!!Show me on the cave where the bad man touched you.That's the best bit! Can't beat a nice pile of pork mouths!Dwarf fortress is exactly the type of thing I like (the Boatmurder Saga was a...Played both of those, great games, exactly the sort of thing I'm looking for!Sid Miers Pirates? I've never heard of Darklands.

Mount and blade I liked bu...Eyes? Where we're going, we don't need.....eyes.

Would have made for a sligh...I bet you no one has ever gone "WIBBLEWIBBLEWIBBLE" while touching my penis.Sheesh, chill out Andy, you've been dead for 96 years...So how can I tell which are the four days when my elephant is ready for my se...It puts the lotion on the glove>as opposed to being constantly mad at the little shit

Jesus, if that's how ...That's why he goes for old ladies, they don't struggle as much as the babies.I would but it's behind a paywall... You're right, however much I dislike it, the term has been so misused that th...Not me.I hear he eats babies for breakfast, bathes in the blood of virgins and rapes...Sure but he isn't saying civilian targets are legitimate. He's saying they're...So did the IRA. He's actually opposed to all war. I don't think he sympathises as much as rec...And yet we stand in silence to honour the UK armed forces who murdered 14 una...The problem being that we aren't appealing to the moderates. Nu Labour and th...We lost the last two elections because the country wasn't given a choice. If ...I'll try to respond to the whole comment tomorrow but I'll just pick on one p...That's an unsourced article behind a paywall published in a newspaper that is...I think what's he's saying is terroism is in the eye of the beholder. Well, exactly. If the definition of a terrorist sympathiser is supporting any...One man's terrorist is another man's freedom fighter. If it's wrong to feel s...And why is that the choice? This argument really pisses me off. The people angling for an alternative to ...It's not *any* male. It's any male in the target zone, especially if they get...Literally would mean he actually said that. He didn't. What he said was:

>It...I think, if you want to defeat ISIS and are not 100% prepared to definitively...It's not old fashioned but it is based on a misunderstanding. 

We don't have...I bet the MP on the left is only there cos he wants to bone the woman MP and ...Minimal at best.>it releases massive amounts of Gamma Radiation, enough to wipe out all life ...I've always liked Colon Powell. Hey, pedos, leave those kids alone.Exactly like chairs.Can you explain this whole jake from state farm thing? I've never understood ...Interestingly, it's now illegal in the EU to discriminate on the grounds of g...Key point being outside London... The UK. Average house price is about $550k. Average price in London is about ...That's their job. Police officers don't just have a duty to protect themselve...Perhaps glass yourself first to get in the party mood. >“There’s nothing to rival it; it’s 10 times worse than anything else – scrub...I think he's probably fibbuling.Englishman here, I'll kill both our grandmothers to buy your cardboard box fo...What the golf courses should do is all club together and put a small amount o...So that's your ELI5. Just fucking Google it. That would make for a pretty shi...I'm a smart guy, I've read that twice and while I get the general thrust, I d...Isn't it a little unfair to expect 50% of society to pay more for healthcare ...This dude says if you have to spend more than 8% of your income on insurance ...Me too. I'm sitting here on my English couch safe in the knowledge that I cou...I've never understood that. Like, seriously, God hates lefties?? 

How on ear...Edit: You know what, forget it. I'm getting too old for this shit. Isn't that kinda academic though? If the temperature of the earth reaches boi...Jesus, where the fuck do you live that you need a gun in your damn car? Mogad...I thought they just got some hookers in and went to town on them...Jesus, nearly half of Americans still believe Saddam was involved in 9/11. 

...For sure. The number of times that guy chucks himself into rapids or a river ...Hey, as long as they give me some poopcorn with the film, I'm happy.That's a bit baudy.You think Japanese zoos are bad? I went to a science centre in Kuwait and the...Isn't that exactly like real football though?No point making a fool out of yourself!Exactly!! I have no idea which is the better method of fraud, let alone any t...I think Mr Kitty might be her secret child... God that would be awful. I can't even imagine what that would be like to go t...A million times this. I had to shave off all my body hair for an unrelated re...Caveat emptor. They can't lie but it's the buyers responsibility to make sure...Oddly, I never really liked the Bends. OK Computer was the first radiohead al...She has six siblings. It might have been a slip of the tongue and God knows n...I hope you used the bridge.*Wow, looks like you're not wearing a shirt, guess I'd better throw the front...Nicole?This is exactly what happens in the Premier League, the MLS and almost every ...Arguing would require you to be contributing. What I'm doing is akin to shoot...One of the many many reasons I didn't....Really? Not OK Computer?

I'm not a radiohead fan, certainly not of their lat...You can't 'master something better'. You either master it or you don't master...HIV?

Thought the current thinking was someone cutting themselves from prepar...I don't think you can, if it's too small it can't reach critical mass. The re...Absolutely. I've never heard of World 8 but if that's really how they are the...About fifteen years ago I was chatting to my mum about childbirth and she sai...Keeping the US out of the war. Remember, the US didn't join the war until 194...It's weird because you're using real words and they're in kinda the right ord...Presumably this is why demonic possession is still a thing in the US... Ha ha, I didn't notice that! Surprise penis!!Damn that girl talks utter nonsense. You can feel your gall bladder opening u...No they're not. You can be done for misleading advertising but you cannot be ...You can be done for misleading advertising. You cannot be forced to sell the ...Well, the name is "Islamic *State*"... 

Along with their proclamation of a C...You have it backwards. We can't determine what a win is for ISIS.

We can dec...But fear is relevant if that is their goal. If Germany's aim during WW2 had b...I've no idea who Sam Harris is but he's full of shit.They *are* intending to build an empire. That's exactly what they're aiming t...You're jacking off at the mere *mention* of cord pants?Well shit, and here was me thinking we're on a website that encourages discus...I just figured Mr Fuji was having a shitty day.I think they think he's a small child...If it was paid for by card then you probably could get the details via a subp...Turn into a cat and knead a chick's breasts.I used one next to the train station that was alright, just on Queens Road do...Nail the basket to the bedDo they have chills?*FUCK YOU YOU CUNT, STOP THANKING ME!!*WHEN YOU FUCK A STRANGER PRECISELY IN THE ASS!!Few questions I'm curious about, hopefully you don't mind answering given tha...I preferred Space Gump 4: In Space, No-one Can Hear You GumpI dunno, I used to have some pretty good times with my old panda dog.You've gotta think that a good friend would be fine with it, it's not like a ...Could also have been the Philippines, Fiji or Uruguay.You're right, and this is why the UK wanted to avoid a pissing match with the...The Falklands. Gibraltar.The version from Stop Making Sense has to be my favourite music video of all ...That's actually not accurate - China had ceded Hong Kong in perpetuity under ...The PKK is an actual terrorist group. With actual bombings and stuff.

The Ku...?You're wrong - the Taliban did rule Afghanistan, albeit that few counties rec...Why don't we demand properly representive government? Why don't we demand a f...No, IT'S SUPERMAN!!Surely it all depends on your career choice. If you do a PhD in something lik...It's almost like you don't see them as people... Or, to paraphrase:

1) won't sleep with me

2) will sleep with me and I'll sl...I obviously don't know the women you've worked with but whenever I see this c...You're moving on up now?That makes perfect sense! I thought I wasn't going to get any answers and I c...I remember that! Happened a few days after I moved there, hell of an introduc...>At least one of the two officers was accused of a crime before. According to...I wonder if an uber-skilled martial artist with special training could take o...You sound like a guy in need of a cumboxWHO LET THE DONGS OUT??I dunno, I watched it when I was in the mood for some tomato soup, still did .../u/trollabot fuckusnowmanLALO?Well I wouldn't want to be his enemy! Did you not see what he just did to tha...Ask at the police station, they probably have a few tips on where you can fin...You're right. He's wrong. They may be liable for them if they're at fault but...It's a bit hard to understand that table but it could also be that there are ...I did a massive road trip round the US last year - the only place that I coul...I don't think this is right. It's clear that there is a *lack of evidence* of...Yeah, that's not right. Reading OP's comment, she got married in the sense of...Move to Europe

http://www.pcadvisor.co.uk/how-to/internet/how-make-google-fo...Babadook I'd recommend, saw it last night and it was frankly terrifying.She drank it while she was pregnant. Has there been research done on whether ...No, it's grammar. He spelt the word correctly, it was just the wrong word.I tried this shortly before I was blinded in a bicycle crash. Now I get to ri...Not oniony?

http://www.theonion.com/article/future-christian-drinking-and-do...If Cousin It cloned himself as a pet and the pet got lose and started terrori...Dart or Ex?No idea, DAE know?*takes cat out of blender*No, definitely not.A nation with its own government, occupying a particular territory.They were just off the top of my head examples, not terribly great ones.

I a...But is that grounds for *loving* your country? I can agree you can love the v...You can be but I think that many liberals don't see patriotism as a good thin...Native Americans paid $0.25 and women got a $0.25 discount. If I was a native...Yes! I was driving through some desolate part of Nevada last year and saw a s...Thank God for NATO eh? Whoops, you're right. I misread the page as explaining the new Consumer Contr...%{}>Just as an additional note, waiting for the cheque to clear does nothing. Fra...Not for flight tickets, they're excluded along with other contracts for trans...They were, the recently passed Consumer Contract Regulations repealed the Dis...You know what, you're actually right for once. I shouldn't get so annoyed at ...A short while later in Australia...Exactly. Typical sociopath. Only cares about his actions when they affect him.WHICH IS THE FUCKING POINT YOU MORON. 

If a decision isn't required to be pu...Comment stalker? You keep replying to me with this drivel and I'm the stalker...Sigh. Maybe an Op-Ed in the New York Times written by a Professor of Law of t...No :-(You a short while ago :

>The original poster, and perhaps you, apparently be...Being wrong is bad enough but being wrong and being a dick about it makes you...Oh yes, the problem that Carson has is that people don't know who he really i...Jesus:

>I had real anger issues. I would just fly off the handle and really ...Imagine they overturn it (which of course they can do, Brown vs Board of Educ...Just on the roe vs wade point, the president gets to pick the Supreme Court. ...Are these polls of Republican voters? If so, is it possible that the only peo...Is...is that a threat?You look like a racist though. Jesus, haven't you ever heard of sacrificing yourself for your art? If your r...It's making my pizza extra delicious Sure, if you dislike the smell of ferrets then you just need to pop em in was...Ah, kids and their questions. So many questions. You do when it's not apparent it's a play on words. Had he not provided the p...Didn't know that, that's even more stupid. There are lots of private businesses going for it. SpaceX, Virgin Galactic, e...Is...is fucking a guy compulsory at these events? I mean, I keep seeing them ...Excellent summary. People who think kids should be spanked are so misguided. I take the same approach with my work colleagues. Not pulling their weight? T...It's because people don't see dealing with difficult customers as part of the...Must be a real bummer for all those door handle manufacturers. I can't think ...Fun fact about how they calculate light bulb life expectancies. They take 100...You seem to have missed the line "yup, that sums up that band". That's the di...So basically I need to bulk up, shave my head, get some prison tats and a pit...I once left a can of coke on a radiator and it blew up.If that was the joke you were making, it wasn't clear at all. Presentation is...Awkward silences come about from nervousness, from not being sure what to tal...It's the mark of trying to start a conversation when there isn't anything els...And yet contactless fraud forms a miniscule portion of card fraud and is actu...This is exactly way the US is a massively high risk country for credit card f...He's just trying to find reasons to message you to start a conversation. That...Men are from Mars etc...Who am I to come between a man and his love for carpet underlay...It's served on bread that tastes like carpet underlay.I'm hoping someone will give me gold.Ethiopia Why I aughta chalk ya like a bitch!There there, no need to cry about itReturn it. If it fell apart that quickly, the retailer should replace it.I'd be all in favour of ammunition restrictions. Imagine if every round fired...I might have exaggerated a bit about being thrown off the roof but seriously ...I don't think banning guns will cut crime. But it changes crime and you've br...Which proves my point. If I sexually harass my work colleagues, I don't get t...